feat: added `created` hook to directives (#719)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/application-api.md

// register
app.directive('my-directive', {
  // Directive has a set of lifecycle hooks:

>   // called before bound element's parent component props are applied

Author: @skirtles-code it's used the same way for other lifecycle hooks, do you think it'd be better to replace it to `element's parent VNode`?

>   // called before bound element's parent component props are applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // called before bound element's attributes or event listeners are applied
```
